# Mission
> “I     believe wherever dreams dwell, the heart calls it home. So may you     untangle yourself from the twist of melancholy and let your thoughts     carry you back to the birthplace of your truth.”   —Dodinsky  

There is no place on Earth that is more personal than our own home. It is a vessel that holds our dreams and our joys, a place that we shape as we see fit in order to express our inner selves. At Habitat Studio we want to bring the intimacy of the hearth in the digital world. In order to do that we believe that the first step is bringing the years of experience of skilled [[Partnership with other studios|designers]] to the metaverse, as well as helping and promoting the ones that want to craft themselves the items to tailor their own [[Digital Twin|digital homes]].

To achieve our first objective we plan to release collections of NFTs representing digital [[Furniture|furniture]], each one based on a model realized by our designers that have more than 40 years of experience in the industry. This will allow us to uncover potentials and difficulties of the blockchain technology applied to this particular use-case and then scale up to reach all the designers out there that want to showcase their art and skill to the world. 

Each one of these artists is going to be able to unlock their potential with the help of our designers and tech experts. We are going to provide a platform for them to show their work and reach out to potential customers, as well as dedicated channels to contact like-minded individuals and further build on their skillset. Once we reach the critical mass necessary we plan to launch a [[MetavExpo|Metaverse Expo or MetavExpo]], a recurring event that aims to be the Metaverse equivalent of the Milan Furniture Fair.

This however does not mean that designers should necessary restrict themselves to the digital world, in fact we plan to make available to them the option to bring their model in the real world. Owners of NFTs equipped with this [[Digital Twin]] option are going to be able to request the creation of a unique physical piece of handmade furniture. The object is going to be built by Italian artisans with lifelong experience in the field and shipped worldwide.

To reward customers and designers that believe in our vision as we do, we plan to implement a multi-layered [[Rewards|rewarding]] system. This system is designed to grant greater rewards to the ones that show their support from the start, while also being fair to the ones which join along the road.

Given our mission, it is a due act for us to think to the ones that unfortunately have no place they can call home. For this reason, part of the revenue of the project is going to [[Donations|charities]] that help homeless people. Initially we plan to devolve 5% of the monthly revenue to Habitat for Humanity, a US based non governmental organization that build homes using volunteer labor and then sells them at no profit. At Habitat Studio we believe in effective altruism, so the best course of action to maximize the effectiveness of our donations are going to be matter of open discussion and votes.